You are a dummy. There, I said it. You
guys in the comments think you
understand what block vomit is, but you
all have no idea what you're talking
about. So, it's time for a little lesson
from someone with an actual degree in
art. Okay, simply using blocks for
things other than their intended purpose
is not block vomit. That's just called
creativity. You people also scream at
Lego for using little pink frogs as the
leaves in their cherry tree. Good builds
have texture, but the best textures
actually follow a pattern. Like the
pearl and noise pattern I use to make
asphalt in my world. This is not block
vomit. Or even this Twitter build, not
block vomit. It may look a bit crazy up
close in survival, but they've carefully
chosen each color to add to the overall
composition, much like a pointless
painter. Some builds are only meant to
be viewed from a distance, and that's
okay. But the way I used to build in my
world, just throwing a bunch of random
blocks in wherever with no rhyme or
reason. Yeah, this I'll admit this is
block vomit. It looks like TV static,
and it hurts my brain. So, next time
someone yells block vomit in the
comments of some talented builder who
dares to use a dried kelp block as
something other than literal kelp, send
them this video so I can tell